OSDOCS#6464: Added bug fix for parse image reference for oc-mirror in the release note (#61802)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-14-openshift-cli-bug-fixes"]
==== OpenShift CLI (oc)

> Previously, container image references that have both tag and digest were not correctly interpreted by oc-mirror and resulted in an error message like below:

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion to change this to say "...error message like the one below:"

Author: Ack.

> Previously, container image references that have both tag and digest were not correctly interpreted by oc-mirror and resulted in an error message like the one below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, container image references that have both tag and digest were not correctly interpreted by the oc-mirror plug-in and resulted in the following error:
```

Author: Ack.

[source,yaml]
----
"localhost:6000/cp/cpd/postgresql:13.7@sha256" is not a valid image reference: invalid reference format
----

> This behavior has been fixed and such references are now accepted and correctly mirrored. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This behavior has been fixed, and the references are now accepted and correctly mirrored. 
```

Author: ck.
